Update documentation to v0.18 (#39)
AssemblyScript/website: src/frequently-asked-questions.md

## Is WebAssembly going to supersede JavaScript?

> Probably not, and it is not meant to do so. There are use cases one can handle "better" than the other, with "better" depending on requirements. A requirement can be to make an algorithm performing with little overhead on the one hand, which is where WebAssembly is good at, or getting an UI job done quicker on the other, which JavaScript is great for. As always, picking the right tool for the job is key, and AssemblyScript just so happens to blur the line a bit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Probably not, and it is not meant to do so. There are use cases one can handle "better" than the other, with "better" depending on requirements. A requirement can be the performance of an algorithm with little overhead on the one hand, which is where WebAssembly is good at, or the performance of user interactions with on a web page, which JavaScript is great for. As always, picking the right tool for the job is key, and AssemblyScript just so happens to blur the line a bit.
```

Author: Amended your suggestion a bit to fit with my original intention. Mostly wanted to express that JS makes it very easy to get an UI job done in no time. Lmk if it reads better now :)

More precisely: AssemblyScript is putting anything web - from APIs to syntax to WebAssembly - first and _then_ glues it all together, while others lift an existing ecosystem to the web. We believe that both approaches are fantastic, and fortunately for us, there is Binaryen, a compiler infrastructure and toolchain library for WebAssembly primarily created by the main author of Emscripten, that we can utilize to considerably close the gap. We are very thankful for it. Binaryen is not as optimal for AssemblyScript-generated code as it is for LLVM-generated code in a few cases, but it's already pretty good and continuously becoming better. It's also noteworthy that AssemblyScript is still behind in specific language features, but we are working on that.

In short: AssemblyScript differs in that it is new and tries another approach. It's not as mature as Emscripten and Rust, but there is something about the idea that is definitely appealing. If you find it appealing as well, AssemblyScript is for you.

## Will AssemblyScript support all of TypeScript eventually?

> It very likely won't. While TypeScript adds *some* static typing to JavaScript, its type system also tries to describe any possible dynamic feature of JavaScript. TypeScript is a superset of JavaScript after all. As such there is a point where it becomes infeasible to support JavaScript features that TypeScript can describe without adding an interpreter mode to AssemblyScript, which is a non-goal.

Reviewer 2: :+1: :clap:

> ## Will interop between AssemblyScript and JavaScript become better?

Reviewer 2: Ah, I feel like the language here could be slightly more kind (You already did a great job by hand waving over a lot of it respectfully). But at the same time, you're not wrong :thinking: I'll give this an LGTM :smile:

Author: Tried to make it more kind. Let me know if it's better now :)

Reviewer 2: Perfect! Thanks dude! :smile:

Similarly, WebAssembly has primarily been designed with systems languages in mind so far and it did an exceptional job at bringing these to the web, yet it appears that the now predominant mindset may run counter to designing features that work well with the existing Web platform. As such it is still subject to discussion whether for example WebAssembly GC strings, arrays and objects will have good interop with JavaScript, or if JavaScript strings, arrays and objects will have good interop with WebAssembly GC respectively. It is certainly important to design these APIs carefully, yet, in our opinion, cheaping out on good interop across the Web platform has the potential to one day become remembered as WebAssembly's greatest blunder.

If you are interested in these aspects, feel free to join us in the respective spec discussions to inform the process.

## How can I help?

> There are various ways to help. AssemblyScript is an open source project, and everyone is welcome to contribute [code](https://github.com/AssemblyScript/assemblyscript), [documentation](https://github.com/AssemblyScript/website), or [time](https://github.com/AssemblyScript/community-group). We also have an [OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/assemblyscript) for those preferring to help the project out with a sponsorship.

Reviewer 2: :+1: This is great, love that you broke it down into code, docs, time, and money essentially. Very clear on general ideas on how to help :smile:
